Add to content_view_version versions asynchronical with a poll interval (#1676)
theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules: roles/content_view_publish/README.md

- `foreman_content_views`: List of Content Views to publish. It can be either a list of Content View names or a list of dictionaries with the parameters as accepted by the `content_view_version` module or the `content_views` role.

### Optional  

> - `foreman_content_view_publish_async`: Asynchronous mode lets you control how long-running tasks execute.The default is 5 seconds. This can be too low on slower systems, or systems under heavy load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `foreman_content_view_publish_async`: Asynchronous mode lets you control how long-running tasks execute. See the [Ansible documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/playbook_guide/playbooks_async.html#asynchronous-playbook-tasks) for details.
```

I wouldn't mention any defaults, they can change and are out of our control.

> - `foreman_content_view_publish_poll`:  For asynchronous tasks in this is how often to check back on the status of those tasks when an explicit poll interval is not supplied. The default is a reasonably moderate 15 seconds which is a tradeoff between checking in frequently and providing a quick turnaround when something may have completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `foreman_content_view_publish_poll`: For asynchronous tasks, this is how often to check back on the status of those tasks.
```

Same as above, plus the "when an explicit poll interval is not supplied" doesn't apply here, as this very line supplies the explicit interval :)
